From the Nerdist Theater at Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California,
Harmontown is in session. Please welcome the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon.
Alright, we got a lot to do. Quit fucking around.
Alright, I'm out of breath. Just give me a second.
This is the definition of what is aerobic exercise because so close to what is walking as you get older and older.
I want to start very quickly with a segment that's a favorite for everyone.
It's called Things that Dan Harmon is not allowed to complain about because it makes him sound like an asshole.
These are the things that when I complain about them reveal that I'm a narcissistic rich prick with a lower value system than people in Lebanon.
I am a stupid fucking asshole.
Alright, so you're not allowed to judge me because I said that.
Okay, so I valet parked my car constantly, even if I don't have to.
I'll just find someone to valet my car. There will be a parking space.
I'm like, that's not good enough. That's not true.
I'm actually kind of annoyed with the fact that in LA there's valet.
There will be a parking lot and it's empty.
And then there's a guy in front that's like, I'm valeting your car and it makes me mad.
Oh shit, seat now. I got a new note-taking app.
It's called Cat Catch. Everybody just fucking cool it.
We're going to get through this. We got a lot of shit to do tonight.
Item number one, Things that I'm not allowed to complain about because it'll make me sound like an asshole.
I pull up to the valet.
One point A is your new application on your phone, your new note app.
Yeah, it's not Evernote anymore. Fuck you, Evernote.
So I pull up to the guy at the valet station and this is happening now with increasing frequency
as I have more and more to do and more and more sort of liquid assets, I would say, I would call it.
I'll get out at the valet station and the guy will go, are you eating here?
He'll give me a half of his little Terry card and I'll go, yes.
And then he'll start to get in the car and I'll go, sir, sir, sir.
I have to come back now. Already the purpose of the valet is starting to be defeated.
Time is running out. I got Zoe Deschanels to have lunch with.
That's not true.
But then the guy says, sir, sir, sir, sir. There's a dollar on the floor of the car.
I don't care. It costs $7 to park here. I'm going to tip you three and you asshole.
Take the dollar.
All right, moving on.
Yes, of course, there's a dollar on the floor of my car.
It's called garbage. The economy's in the toilet.
Just put your gum in it, valet man.
It's a dollar. We're all dying.
A dollar. I got to come back. What am I supposed to do?
Because he gives me the choice between coming back and grubbing for my dollar
or going like Tom Cruise and some weird man.
It's yours.
Calling over my shoulder. Keep it, man.
Okay, let's say it's a 20.
I think that's cool. Yeah, it's 20 times a dollar. Don't argue with me. We don't have any time.
All right, next item.
Things I can't, I'm not allowed to complain about. This one, it takes too long to poop.
We can just move on. It just takes too long to poop.
And I don't mean because I'm 40, but just because, well, it is because I'm 40,
because as you get to 40, time becomes more valuable.
So see the valet guy. Same thing. I'm becoming conscious of my mortality.
I don't want to, I have to take a shit. I get it, God.
I got to poop to put in the toilet. I just want to get it done.
And it's just like I'm sort of sitting there and I'm like, come on, poop.
Are your poops longer than when you were younger? Are they getting older?
No, no, no. I've always been, this is one thing I've always been really good at.
I can debate that right there because you gave yourself a hemorrhoid by sitting on the toilet too long.
No, because I love to sit on the phone and I, but okay, that's the point,
is that the doctor told me, like, don't tweet on the toilet.
I didn't know this was a thing and so I was like, okay, I'll stop doing that.
I used to enjoy my time on the toilet. This is, thank you, Jeff.
This is exactly why I'm starting to notice. It takes too long to poop
because now I'm not allowed to do other stuff on the toilet. Thank you.
If I can't do anything but poop, then poop faster.
But, okay. Superhero movies need earlier thresholds.
Need earlier thresholds.
Minute 20 into your movie called Captain America.
A comic book no one likes anyway.
I don't, I want to see his fucking round shield flying around.
You can't say on page 70, oh, look at that shield.
Maybe that should be red, white and blue.
Fuck you, Captain America movie. Fuck you, Superman movie.
Fuck you, Hulk movie, whichever third version it was.
Like, fuck you, superhero movie, Green Lantern.
Fuck you. Like, stop, speed it up. You're a superhero movie.
I bought a ticket because I already accept that a guy can get a wooba from the planet Booba
and as a result, he's allowed to fooba.
No one fucking cares? What are you trying? What are you making on Golden Pond? You fucking assholes?
Knock it off. Knock it off. In and out. 90 minutes.
Page 20. I'm foobo-ing.
I don't fucking care. Name a thing. Name a noun.
Somebody say it. Tooba man. Okay.
Page 20 is playing the tuba, okay?
And using it to fight crime.
I don't mean like, he's got a trumpet and he's like, this should be bigger.
Fucking page 20 of your screenplay.
Tuba in his mouth blasting, like, radioactive rainbow waves out at a burglar going like,
oh shit, I'm robbing a bank, but now I can't because the tuba man.
Because the movie's called Tuba Man is why.
That's the thing. You can't charge me a ticket.
I have a right to ask for my money back if half the movie's a guy thinking maybe he should
maybe kind of fight something with crime involved.
There's something involving a tuba. Fuck you.
I said, Captain America's walking around forever in that movie.
He's like, just dressed as a silly guy.
I just wish I could fight some Nazis.
Fucking cock.
It'd be one thing if you were a Spider-Man and you pulled that shit.
You're Captain America. You're a dick.
Iron Man.
I think you're allowed to complain about that.
You are allowed to complain about that.
Well, I'm 40, so it makes me sound like a knob.
I should be putting more thought into Cambodia and things like that.
What's going on in Cambodia?
Well, when I was 10, some stuff.
That's my point. That's my point.
I don't know what the new Cambodia is.
I should.
Well, while I'm on the subject, Iron Man should be an alcoholic in the movies.
In the comic book, he's an alcoholic and it's fucking amazing.
That's the important thing about him. Batman's parents got killed.
Fine. That's great. I love Batman.
Spider-Man's like a young naive kid who's like,
he got this responsibility thrust upon him.
He's a wisecracker. The whole point of Iron Man,
he's the Howard Hughes of superheroes and he's got a drinking problem.
That's it. But he's good at his shit. He's a functional alcoholic.
What's kryptonite? He's so good at drinking.
People are like, holy shit, we can't fire him. He drinks too much.
He gets work done while he's doing it.
So it's you?
Well, I like all of these superheroes for various reasons.
You, as a 40-year-old, want your superhero fantasy
is that you can be a functional alcoholic and still fight crime.
That ain't no fantasy, Jack.
What crime are you fighting?
The crime of people not respecting me.
I often lose.
All right. That brings me to my next point.
Jeff, thank you for your unintentional segue.
It's just all instinctual for me, Dan.
All right. My next complaint on the list of things
I'm not allowed to complain about because they make me seem like an asshole.
I'm too famous.
Let's just move on. Let's just move on.
Next item. I apologize too much.
I'm sick of it. I'm tired of...
I'm 40 years old.
I just want to cut my head open and pour the contents of my brain out.
The idea of an apology is that you clarify to somebody
that you didn't mean to hurt their feelings.
I am the only one who you can actually go and find out whether or not,
like what I really meant.
It's not fair. I'm sick of it.
I'm not a fucking politician. I didn't run for office.
I'm not accountable to electors.
I stand in front of a microphone. I puke my brains out.
I have diarrhea of the mouth.
I say for two hours a week how I feel.
I'm honest about my emotions.
People that don't like me, I don't like you. I hate you.
Your piece is a shit.
Your dishonest fucking agents of caution and restraint.
You want people to talk less. You want people to be more like ants.
I fucking hate you.
I will apologize to you in a cautious, fucking, like, détente,
like a ceasefire.
You're bad people and I don't care if you don't like me anymore.
Your piece is a shit. Fuck off.
Next item on my list.
Again, you can't argue with this stuff,
because I'm admitting to you this makes me a bad person
for having these complaints.
Next item. Everyone in the world is stupid.
Everybody.
Maybe including me. Time will tell.
I don't care. Moving on.
There's no good bar near meltdown.
There's nothing. There's no place to drink.
Panky can take a fuck.
I didn't go today.
I can't take it anymore.
I can't go sit over there.
Maria Conchita Alonso, what's it called? El Compadre?
Yes.
I can't drink there.
It turns into a sports bar after 3 p.m.
I don't know what accounting firm is above it,
but it just gets flooded with J. Moore clones.
Everyone's snapping and tapping quarters on the bar,
and they want their Apple Teenies and their Marga Fooders.
I can't sit down and have a drink.
What do we think bars are for? What are we doing?
You come into a bar with a group of people
that you want to talk to from work, go get a fucking table.
There are some of us in this world that are really, really...
We have a disease. I just want to go up to a trough,
and I want to make eye contact.
I want to plot my ass down on a stool,
and I need my fucking spinach slash kryptonite.
I need it pumped into my body at a certain rate,
and I can't give these people what they want.
That's it.
We got through that.
Our next segment.
I promised we'd bring it back.
Is Connor here?
Questions with Connor.
You have another question, Connor?
Welcome back, Connor.
Thank you, Jeff.
Last week, Connor brought us a tantalizing question
of whether it's better to teleport or to have sex.
I don't know that we totally got to the bottom of that.
Who knows? That's the point of the question.
The question was the journey.
Connor's conundrums.
Did you make a decision?
I don't know. It sounded like Aaron would be cool
with me not coming.
I'd like to travel.
I think I would go teleportation ultimately.
There was a twist at the very end
where you started talking about
how you would have the drive to orgasm,
but not the ability.
We could play with that. You could choose.
Can I play with it?
No drive.
No drive and teleportation?
I don't want to walk around. If you don't have a desire to,
then there's no point.
If you have a human desire to enjoy sex,
you get the finish line, buddy.
I'm just saying.
You changed your answer?
I thought the curse was that you'd want to,
but you couldn't.
You were too busy going to Paris.
Glasses guy?
If you don't have a biological imperative to,
but you remember it fondly,
or...
So you just stand up and face everybody right now,
just so you can see what I'm looking at,
what you're doing.
Describe him, Jeff.
There's a sub-segment called Jeff's Descriptions.
There's a six-foot, what are you, four?
Six-five gentlemen with a mohawk,
and a proper mohawk,
where it needs to be a long word out of B.
He's not that mad at the Queen.
No.
He still minds the bollocks.
But he lives in Parliament.
Yeah.
He's also wearing one of the...
At my podium here, I have a pair of
Louvert 80s hot pink sunglasses here.
You brought these.
That doesn't surprise me one bit.
It's Tyler, right?
So Tyler, I see a lot of people out here
wearing 80s novelty sunglasses.
And, okay, so now you've been described.
Yes.
All right, there we go.
Sub-section. Jeff describes people.
What was your point? I'm sorry.
So you can go sex or teleportation.
You say you wouldn't have the drive for it.
So you wouldn't have a biological drive for it,
but you still remember fondly the times
that you did have sex in the past.
The nostalgia thing, but not a biological one.
Yeah, but that's not.
When I want to have sex,
it's not because I remember it being awesome.
That's absolutely...
If you could just take away the...
If you could turn it off.
If he has teleportation and unfair advantage,
because if you can still have sex,
you still have to have the urge to teleport.
Yeah.
Okay, but we've tabled this one
because now we have a new Connor...
Yes, all right.
Tony, teleportation.
Connor Conundrum coming through.
Connor Conundrum, what about you?
Ask yourself this question
and you will find...
I teleport to a time
when that song
sounds like...
It's like,
I teleport to a time
when that song made sense.
Bad theme song, Bad Evening.
Teleport to a time?
You can't teleport to a time.
Goddamn, that's right, I keep thinking time travel.
All right, I'm sorry.
Connor, what is your new conundrum for us this week?
Okay, really quick, did we cheer alcoholism
a few minutes ago?
Yeah,
when a comic book character
that can make a jet suit has it,
that's amazing.
Let's make sure we're on the same page.
All right, this is my question this week.
If you had to choose between
gaining flight
but losing your sight so you become blind,
or every time you fart
you accidentally time travel?
Which would you choose?
Wait,
I have 14 questions.
You can fly but you can't see.
Yes.
Or a bat.
Are you a bat?
Do you have a sonar?
I'm sorry, Connor, just to clarify.
Are you blind only while you're flying?
No, you're blind all the time.
Oh, go fuck yourself.
I'm going to fart.
I'm going to fart accidentally on time travel.
Yeah, I'm immediately on hold
for the farting time travel.
There's ways you can hold your fart
and explain to people
like a new relationship.
Sweetie, there's something you have to know about me.
You may never see me again.
You're talking about your maiden
in like medieval times because this has already happened before.
All right, what's the range of time travel?
You could end up in a lava pit.
Well, I guess you could
you'd travel from the spot you're in
or not?
I mean, maybe this is a curse.
Since everyone farts sooner or later
and since time travel is just going to take you
to some random place and they're
completely destabilized your life and since
well, no, no, fuck you because
like, I'm starting to get so angry at you.
But you're saying I have to be blind.
Well, I think what this one is,
this is not what cool thing would I pick.
These are, I'm choosing between two curses here.
Right.
Which they can have incentives, but
it's not as...
Yeah, because the whole point of flight is that you would see the vistas for me,
that you could, you know, you could fly around.
Well, that's where you're going.
I'm not going to leave the ground if I can't see.
Yeah, but are you a bat?
Do you have that kind of sound
location kind of thing?
I don't think so, but when you lose a sense,
aren't there other senses heightened?
Yeah, but over millennia of
evolution.
If you gave me the blind flight, I'd fly into a thing.
Okay, what if you were only blind
when you flew?
Connor, you had a week to figure this out.
No time to workshop.
Okay, if you're only blind
when you fly, then I'll take the blindness
because the uncontrollability
of the...
at the root of it all is my control issues.
Like, if I'm just farting
and I'm randomly time traveling,
I can neither control farting
nor where I go when I fart
and when I come back and stuff.
Like, if you told me, okay, for instance,
if you take the blindness,
if you make it, when you fly
you're blind, but when you're not flying
you're not blind, and also
when you fart
you time travel to somewhere random
but
the next time you fart, you come back.
Okay, that's a good twist.
Then I'll take farting because nobody double
farts like
Vitamin H over here.
What if you triple fart?
Then you go...
Somewhere new. Then you reject the record.
I don't know.
If you fart an odd number of farts,
you could be the place to see.
But then you find some beans
in the place to see, and you...
The place to see an error had no beans
then. There's other things that make you
fart just. How do you know?
I talk to a dinosaur.
Blind flying!
How do you land when you're blind flying?
How do you know when you want to fucking settle down?
I mean, do you just hover down really
cautiously? These are questions that you should have
asked yourself.
It's a good choice, though, because
you're in an alleyway and muggers
are coming down.
This always happens.
And they're like, we're going to cut you wide open,
sucker!
They're white.
It's just an
urban environment. Everyone talks like this.
We're going to cut you from
groin to loin!
Which isn't that far, but it might get your femoral
artery.
You can bleed out, sucker!
We want your wallet, sucker!
And then you're at this dead-end alley
and you're like, so then
with your vision still intact, you look around.
You look up
and you go like, okay.
That's a fact. And then you go like,
okay, blind
flight, give me a flight beyond
sight!
At least you're not getting your wallet
taken, sucker.
And then you move like eight feet
to the left and you're like, you come down
super slow.
We have to page 20 of blind flights.
How do you get us to that question?
That's what happens on page 20.
What leads him up to that?
What gives him that?
The doctor is a blind guy and he goes like,
I think we could give you your sight back.
But you'd have to fly.
But without sight.
And the blind guy's like, okay.
I don't know. Don't ask me to
write movies for free for you people.
You always do that.
We got mohawk guys
raising his hand again.
If you could see while you're flying,
you were blind all the rest of the time.
Ooh!
He's saying, what if you're just
an operational blind man,
a woman walking down the road.
But if you wanted to, you could fly and see.
I think we'd all take that, right?
And then to counterbalance that,
you'd have to be time traveling only when you were not farting.
Sorry.
I wanted to go to Mexico,
but...
You're like Billy Pilgrim and catch 22.
Slaughterhouse 5.
You're like, you have no control over
when you're going, coming and going.
Unless you're farting and then you can love a woman.
All right.
That's enough. We got a lot to do tonight.
Ask yourself that conundrum at home.
Send us your picture pages about it.
And we'll talk to other guests tonight
about whether or not they would fart or blind fly.
Connor, will you come back next week with one more?
Absolutely.
Connors conundrums, everybody!
It brings to mind that conundrum,
would you like to have Connors conundrums every week,
or eat a bag of jelly beans?
Look, I would say,
and I support what he's doing here,
I like the idea that it's...
this time was a choice between
two not so attractive ideas.
Right, they both had a price.
A real conundrum is, which is the lesser of two
crappy superpowers?
Well, let me ask you a very basic thing.
Would you rather be blind or deaf?
Deaf.
Because of the internet.
For real?
No, because in case I learn how to fly.
Because...
I'd rather see than hear.
I get more irritated by things I hear
than things I see.
I'm not constantly wishing,
if I could just choose where I could hear,
or I never wish I could see
something different that I'm seeing.
You can always avert your eyes.
It's a really tough choice for me,
because even though we're 90% visually oriented,
but it's that connection
that we have between people
that's really packed into the hearing,
but the internet changes that.
You can connect to people with the...
And you're a writer, you can still tell stories.
You can't hear shit,
get a good night's sleep,
and just type on the...
Just go on Reddit.
If I'm in a bar or restaurant,
sometimes it's not the noise.
It's the bar tappers, the guys that drum on bars.
You can't just hear it.
It also has a physical vibration to it.
Now I'm nervous like you, you fucking piece of shit.
Stop drumming on that.
It's a very isolating
condition.
Deafness though.
I remember reading that thing,
that more Deaf people
commit suicide than
the blind people,
because they're cut off from that.
They just...
You know,
blind people,
deaf communities,
they have...
There's a sort of...
They have communities where they're against
cochlear implants and stuff,
because they're effectively a different...
I don't know if they'd say
species, but they're saying...
We are so different from
other people that we actually need to
stay together, because other people don't treat us
right, and we don't...
No one understands what it's like to be us,
and so they stick together,
and they actually
kind of... They look at people
who go in and get those
cochlear implants or whatever they're called.
Like, oh,
you're not one of us then, because we don't...
And I'm not saying if you're deaf and you're
reading a transcript of this...
That's not funny.
If you're deaf and you're
reading a transcript of this, I apologize for the bracketed
laughter that just happened.
But, you know,
I'm not saying... There's a million kinds
of deaf people, but... I think you actually...
I'm not joking. You might have changed my mind.
I might go back to that. And it's an intense thing
to be cut off
from people on that fundamental level.
Like, it's easy
for us to imagine what it would be like to cut off
from vision, in that it would be catastrophic
for us, and yet it would be so much more
fundamental.
Vision is just like, oh, god, I'd trip over
my ottoman, but hearing is like,
oh, my god, I will never
hear another person again. I will never...
I don't know. Something to think about.
It's like, Connor, I had an easier
cut-under menu.
Before I answer your question,
there's something like...
Erin was saying that you guys want to travel
again, but you don't like traveling to places
that don't speak English. It's true.
You'd prefer to be somewhere that was English
speaking. Yeah. Because you're a verbal
communicator.
So deafness would be harder
on you. I'd be more nervous about it.
I mean, I would definitely be a shut-in if I was
deaf. More so than I think
if I was blind, like, I would be
a shut-in.
Like, maybe that's an unhealthy phrase
for it, but I would just
close myself in.
Because I would just be communicating
purely through
the internet with other people,
and I would just kind of want to
build on that, I think.
What were you going to say? Would you rather be deaf
at birth or lose your hearing
as a teenager and know what you're missing?
Deaf at birth or lose your hearing
as a teenager? And know
what you're missing? Yeah.
See, Connor, that's how it's done.
No, come on.
We bullied him.
Connor's deaf. He can't hear us.
That was my point. I wanted to reveal
it to you guys that Connor was deaf.
All right. Well, I don't know.
I mean, good question, buddy. Good job.
You're
metals in the mail. We're done with the segment.
All right.
We've got a lot of stuff to do. What would you
pick? Who would you pick, Viking?
I
guess at birth.
I feel like it would be
lonelier to know what you're missing.
I think that's probably true, yeah.
At birth, he said.
I think I'd go for that as well. I assume so.
I mean, what's the, yeah, what is the value
of having something and having it taken away?
What about, okay, I'm making one up here.
What if you could, you have the choice between
between being deaf at birth
but you could fly
when you turn
40.
But you're an alcoholic.
Made of iron.
Or I
was the opposite of that one.
But here I am. Everyone you talk to
turns blind.
But you can tunnel
to the center of the earth and not get burnt by the magma.
Until you're 40.
At which point you have to
drink magma in order to do a show.
All right.
Think about it.
We have a special guest tonight.
He was actually briefly up here, like a meteor
flashing before you.
Like a superhero flying through the sky.
We want to bring him up again
because we barely graze the surface
and we're not doing it
because we, I don't know.
I'm not Tony Danza.
I'm not bringing up people with recipes.
I figure the podcast technology
is for
doing stuff you can't do on TV.
And one of those things is that kind of
laying humanity bare.
And one of the craziest things
about humanity, one of the biggest elephants
in the room is
sickness, mortality, conditions,
you know, like the stuff that we
fear the most.
And there are people among us who are
tethered to us with a rope
and are hanging out
on the precipice of these things that we
kind of like,
we fear so much that we
don't even, it's just more convenient
not to think about them.
And you would think that would not make for good podcast material.
But I have a feeling
that it's really important to talk to this guy.
You saw him last week.
Let's bring Seek Donnelly up here.
How are you doing? You said
you had a rough night, but you were
cool to come in today. Yeah, can I stand?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What happens when you sit?
Honestly,
I was in a wheelchair for a long time.
So when I was learning to walk again.
So I have this, when I sit for too
long, I freak out. Oh my god.
So you had to re-learn how
to walk after the, okay, so
let's explain from the top. So
Seek, you, one
day you had an aneurysm, which is
an explosion in the brain.
Yeah, I was wiping
my butt at LAX with the door open.
Good one.
You can still do, it didn't wipe out the callback part.
No, we were just
walking.
I went to dinner with some friends.
I was complaining about a migraine.
I've had migraines since I was eight years old.
So we didn't think anything
was different about it.
And then we were going out for the night,
and then I just dropped to the ground.
You just fell down at LAX or somewhere else?
No, no, no, no, just, yeah, back home.
Just at your house?
Was it, did you feel pain
when you fell down? I don't remember
any of it. I barely
remember waking up in the hospital,
and then the doctor apparently
talked to me and said, you know,
there's some complications with what's going on
to you. We need to put you in a medically induced coma.
We don't know for how long.
Which means they give you drugs that
just make you unconscious for a while? I'm just gone.
Yeah, for 11 days I was out.
I was only supposed to be out for six or seven days,
but then there was another complication.
I flatlined, and then
they saved me, and then
I was in for another five days.
So during this medically induced coma,
they studied your brain a little bit
enough to tell you what had happened?
Well, yeah, well, and while I was under,
they also did a couple procedures to save
my life. So they did a
process called coiling, which is
they actually don't go through your
brain to do this. It's going to sound weird.
They make an incision in your leg,
and they go straight up to your brain,
and they put these coils,
and these coils are like little copper tubes
that, you know, when an aneurysm happens,
blood is pouring all over your brain,
and so everything, the
blood touches, it's destroying,
and so these coils go in, and they
reroute the blood, so that it's not...
How do they get a coil
from your leg to your brain?
How does it follow any
path?
Okay, good. You're not the guy to ask.
We'll have a doctor on our team.
I'll bring my doctor when they...
To interject at this point,
like, this is...
I'm sure I speak for most people
in the audience, like,
even beyond,
I think, getting
certain types of cancer or something.
This represents, like,
a worst nightmare, because
it's so
uncontrollable. It's just, you're
just suddenly told, you're walking along,
everything's going fine, you
black out, you wake up in a hospital,
and they're telling you, yeah, a thing
is happening, and then it gets
worse, because now you've been told
that, like, you...
They don't know why, but you're
having them repeatedly.
Right, yeah. They keep happening.
Yeah, I keep having new aneurysms
grow,
and they can't figure out why, because
mostly it's a genetic thing.
For a guy my age, like, I was 28
when I had mine, and
they were like, we can't even figure out
why this happened to you, because
you know, it's a lot, the
percentages higher in African-American men
that age, or in women that
age, or everybody but
me, I guess, and so they couldn't figure out
why, and then they looked at my family history,
no one on my father's side, no one on my mother's
side, and so they're like, we
don't know what this is, we don't know if this is
an evolution of what
happens to aneurysms, we don't know what
it is, but that's why they kind of
poke and probe and study.
Yeah, and the only silver lining
of that, with giant
six foot
quotes around silver lining is that
because they don't know what's going on, they're
actually giving you free treatment, because
they're kind of guinea pigging you,
figuring out what's going on. So you had one
aneurysm that actually exploded? Yeah,
ruptured, and then they found
at Christmas time, last time I think
I spoke to you, and I was
pretty heartbroken, they found three more.
That's
a weak spot in the blood vessel, right?
Exactly, yeah, it's almost
like a clot in a way, but yeah,
it's weak tissue that's
that might explode.
When they find them, then
are they able to do something? Yeah, yeah,
you can do lasers, there's another
coiling type process, there's
a couple different options, but it's always good to
catch them, it's treatable
when you catch them. So,
the most tragic thing, the thing that made Aaron
burst into tears up here hearing about it for five seconds
last week, is
this concept that
your temporal lobe
was flooded.
Yeah.
One thing that got wiped out was
your visual memory, and you're
an artist.
Everything that you draw is affected
by the concept of visual memory
that you can't, like,
you use the example of an apple
in private conversation, right?
When I close my eyes, I actually don't know
what you look like anymore.
So, when I wake up, I don't remember dreams,
I don't have
knowledge of stuff. Don't close your eyes for a second.
I look like you and McGregor.
Just roughly,
I mean, I do. I'm just
letting you know. Don't exploit him, Dan.
I'm not capitalizing on anything, I'm just
just clarifying for the audience.
I don't know what he looks like right now.
But also, like, if you were going to...
You assume that he would remember
you and McGregor and not you.
Oh, yeah.
But even worse than that,
like, fundamentally,
you might not know what an
apple looks like, right?
Yeah. I mean, unless I'm holding it or looking at it.
Right. So, you're seeing these things for first time.
It's total? It's 100%?
There's no visual memory at all?
No, yeah. It's weird, because I'll see somebody
and I'll say hey to them and they'll go,
how the hell does he remember me?
I don't know. It's hard to explain. I don't remember
like I ran into Anthony today
and I actually, it's...
and Spencer, and I knew who they were
but I can't explain why. Through mannerism, maybe?
Maybe that, or someone was saying
about energies, like, because I'm new
to that concept. Yeah, there's something about
face blindness, that people have...
Lack of, there's a thing in the part of your brain that uses
visual recognition. Yeah.
And there are people that they've known for
their entire lives and they have to reintroduce themselves
every day to them. But... Yeah.
Like, the cost that you had the other day
or the certain little signals... Yeah, talking helps.
Like, if I hear someone talk enough, I'm like,
in another room, I'm like, oh, I know that's
so-and-so. And you know it's Dan and I
because... And there's a person in your brain going,
that's my uncle, that person
that's talking in the other room. No, the family
thing is the hardest, because most of my
actual memories and knowledge
of memories are...
they go only back, like, five, six years.
Right. So, like, childhood, a lot of
stuff was wiped out. And you talked about
being down with your mom. I'm just going
all away, by the way. This is like...
Yeah, I was like, I'll make a joke at something.
No, no, no, no. Don't worry about that.
I was talking to you after the show last
week and I just thought, like, what the fuck
are we doing with this podcast technology
for not, like, it's not of any heroism
on my part of nobility. It's just thinking,
like, what are we
doing? Like, this is
something that's not televisable because
it's not, like, who's going to tune in?
Oh, I'd like to hear about this, but
and yet it is mythologically, like,
like, like, like, like, like, this is
what we all
are afraid of. You were
in a certain sense, like, more so than
somebody who's diagnosed with
oh, there's a
microorganism that's eating away at
this certain organ or something like that.
This is happening in your brain.
It's happening in your plumbing of your brain.
And so
you were talking about
you're sitting with
a scrapbook with your mom
like a photo, photo scrapbook
and going through it with her and
you, I mean, do you
want to finish this?
Yeah, I mean, well,
well, basically, I mean, on Aaron's
thing, it sucks
because I actually don't like when
people cry. Right.
And it's a response I don't actually
have a lot because there's some emotional damage too.
Well, that was going to be my next question,
but first of all, don't worry about us. That's why
we're up here. Actually, I don't want
laughs. I just want a cathartic experience.
Sure. Well, with Aaron, though, what I told her last week
was I've been trying to find
a cheap way around the
drawing. So what I'll do is
I'll take a blue pencil and I'll just
keep drawing shapes, you know, like circles
or whatever. And once it's
in a position to where I think
there's something there, I take a regular pencil
and go over it and then I've made, like, the side of a face
and then I'll do more circles
in blue and then I'll trace that again
and it's weird. It's not
foolproof yet, but it's, like, I'm
I hate being told I can't.
Like, my first doctors were like, you can't,
you're not going to walk, you're not going to talk,
and I'm like, bullshit, like, my life isn't going to
be in a wheelchair for
the rest of my life. Like, I'm not going to just sit
and be someone that my mom puts on the porch
to watch cars go by while she's at work,
you know, like, I'm not just that.
I'm going to be something else. Like, if I'm
not going to be the old me, I'm going to be a new me,
you know?
And we've
we made you a t-shirt!
Yeah.
For that reason.
But you talked about, like, going
going through the photo album and
and I mean, the thing that, like, made my heart
like, leap up into my throat
or down into my groin or whatever
it was that you said
the way I remember you saying it is
having the visual memory, you're going
through a photo scrapbook with your mom
and you're, and she's saying
this is, this is when we did this
and you're, and you're
and you're basically having to take her word
for it. Like, you know intellectually
that she's your mom
but you don't actually.
Right, there's no reason.
The lowest-stakes con game in the world.
They're not getting away with
a lot.
In their Swiss Bank account.
But even with your mother, you're seeing her
for the first time every time you see her
and it's simply memory.
The visual memories of her.
It's a lot of that.
And so as you said, and you said
like, your life here in LA has span
the last five, six years.
So I remember them knowledge-wise.
Like, I know that I used to PA out here
but I couldn't tell you visually
what the person I PAed for looks like
but I have the knowledge of it.
But ironically, this horrible empty desert
you know, where we all come
to like, put our emotional lives on hold
while we try to get ahead in the world
of your cradle of memory.
This is as close as you have to home
because this is the place you've been
for six years. This is your family.
Yeah, this is where I
got back up on my feet.
You know, I recently, like a year ago
got ahead and get my driver's license back.
So yeah, this is where I
rebuilt, you know.
So, I mean, we have to
go to the deepest place of all.
Like, what
have they told you in terms of prognosis?
Have they given you,
have they told you what to expect
in terms of mortality?
At first, I didn't want to know
so I kept telling them not to tell me.
And then, it got to a point at Christmas time
this past year where
I think it was the first time
because they couldn't figure out what happened
like, right after the aneurysm
normally you'll go through a state of depression
and like, you know, some of the outcomes
of it are fatigued, you get tired,
you know, there's a lot of like things like that.
And they had it every single day
so trying to deal with people
and with a smile is like probably
I think I found a way to do it
with ease for once.
But at first it was really hard
and then I think
I'm sorry, I actually forgot the original question.
Well, I mean, did they tell you?
Oh yeah, so then I said
well, I don't want to know and then in Christmas time
they were like, we found three more in your head
and to me, I don't know the
actual comparison, I just know that it is a comparison.
I was like, well, one of these things
I'm pretty much killed, almost killed me
so this
I was like, well, this is like my Vietnam
and now I have three of them and I'm like so
I mean, I'm
I may have proved that I'm tough
on one level but I'm not going to survive
three if this happens again
and then luckily they've died down
we did a couple procedures, you know
and I'm back to
you know, doing okay.
So for all anyone knows because
you're such a weird mystery
to these people. Yeah, I mean, I could still
go, I could not wake up tomorrow morning
or you could be the
four aneurysm guy whose
last three they caught because you're such an oddball
and like
but also it's so mysterious
is that you're standing up here and you look like you could be
anybody in the room, it's not like you're
you look debilitated and you say
inwardly you're in pain and stuff like that
but yeah, sometimes you'll notice
I hunch, it's hard sometimes
to make eye contact because
someone tried to explain to me like a low level
of autism because sometimes they
have that but I feel when I'm comfortable
around people it's not a big deal
but crowds, I can kind of just feel
all the attention. You're
at Zerd Melt, there's no eye contact going on
here at all. You found
the right place. If you
want to be looked at, dress like shoelaces.
If you want to be looked at, dress like shoelaces.
Is there, I mean
I want to ask you
like I hope you're not offended by my characterization
of you as somebody who is
like tethered to us
but somewhere else
like somewhere beyond
like the place that we have the luxury
of just not thinking about and lying at the bank
like I was like oh shit I had a bad day today
you know I don't
should I propose to my girlfriend
I don't know maybe I will
maybe I won't
oh my car's out of gas
there's always
this like
independence day flying saucer
hovering in the sky
that is
blacking out the sun
but completely ignorable
day to day for all of us
which is that we
live minute to minute second to second
by the grace of some
completely unforgiving
absolutely inhuman thing
and I just like
we just don't
like it's uncomfortable to ask people
who are further
in the clutches of this thing
further at its mercy in a demonstrable way
but seems important to ask
like what
what do we do
how do we feel
how do you feel
what message can you give to us
that in any way
lets us stop fucking around
I don't know
oh by the way a soul star
has his powers on page one
none of that page
so get your powers
before page 20
speed it up hollywood
I don't know
that
that I think resonates
so I tell people all the time
it's just give more to the world
than what you take
there's no right answer
there's no wrong answer
just do what you love
and don't hurt anyone it sounds generic
but it's like
I'm not afraid of
if I don't wake up tomorrow
I still try to do
everything I want to do in a day
and I just hope it's enough
and I think that's all
any of us can do
there's no
there's no cosmic
right answer here
I think that was it
I think that does it
give more than you take
that absolutely has to be the answer
I know it's under all our noses
but we don't believe it
when our mom says it
because she's in the kitchen making cookies
we need heroes
to take the
trek and call back over their shoulder
this is the truth
it was interesting
when you told me that last week
because I've heard people try to describe me
and normally I don't like it
well you look like you and McGregor
just so you know
I would love to see some of your art
is there a way that we can commission some
for us
can you see something you draw
can we see like
I want to see the blue test lines
that are inked in later on
that sounds fascinating
my dad's a really good artist
I'd watch him draw
and he would draw a million lines really light
and then he would hone in
and draw a line
so it was covered in lines
and then he would find it
that's kind of in a way
mentally how I approach a lot of things
visually that art approach
it's just trial by error
the way I look at it is if I have to physically see something
to draw it
then I'll just keep drawing it until it makes sense
I tried looking at things
and there seems to be a slight translation
disconnect
but I'm getting better at it
if someone sat in front of me and I could draw their face
it would take a while
because I'm actually trying to use a part of the brain
that isn't there anymore for me
so you can feel it
big time
I feel like the strain
that it's taking
to transfer this to this
with nothing up here
so if you wanted to draw something from memory
say you wanted to draw
a car or draw a banana
or anything
there's nothing you're conjuring up in your head
you're waiting until you see it
and that reminds you of
I cheated
recently I have an art show downtown
and
someone was standing near me
and there was a draw
go over and draw on the wall
and I was looking at him and drawing
and I just made him a zombie
as I'm doing the circles
a hole was in his cheek
so I drew a couple teeth there
but I'm looking at him and doing it
and someone was like oh my god you did it from memory
I don't know
I felt so nice to hear that
I kind of lied
and then I could just
feel like my old self again
but now what you're drawing is
you have to be
you're forced to be totally in the moment
you're drawing something for the first time
every time so that's amazing
something that can be really valuable
and visceral
to look at
yeah so what are you complaining about
you've been giving this gift
I know
wait people with any years of problems
I do I mean I've met people
who
have it much much worse
who didn't get out of that world
is there a community out there?
oh yeah there's a great group at UCLA that meets
twice a month
and then there's a group on Facebook that I'm part of
that we share our stories on there
and I go to
ICUs and I meet people who have this
however going through it
I took some of their stories
and I put it in Soul Star
it's a little bit more special
and then obviously I give all the proceeds
to the aneurysm foundation
because that's another way I just want to give back
and
again just me trying to give more
I think
before I had my aneurysm
I was probably the kind of guy that took enough
and so I kind of
look at this as a second chance
and people can google
the aneurysm foundation if they wanted
to be inspired
by this podcast to put something into it
ok well thank you so much Seek for coming up
we'll have you back
I'm not a hugger
I don't hug people
enough we've hugged a couple times
if anybody should be hugged they should hug Seek
I didn't
alright
I want to hug
everybody in this room
alright well we're not going to
you see why I flipped those segments
I didn't follow that with the complaining about the
valet dollar
our next segment is called
my favorite serials
I think Lucky Charms
is underrated
I don't know
what am I going to patent our podcast
on the back
I feel the fidgeting
it's fucking hard to
I don't know
I watched
you while you were talking
to Seek and also when you talk
to anybody about any kind of ailments
you get really
physically like you start pulling
your hair out on top of your head
and you get a huge erection
it's not
it's not appropriate
huge is not the word I would have used
you're certainly around
it's intense
my penis becomes
flushed
what if you only got an actually huge erection
when somebody else is in pain
I think those people exist
there's books about them
I was saying like
what we were talking earlier about
the superpower of being deaf or blind
we were talking about deafness and you were talking about
like
what would it be like for you to be deaf
I had this weird empathetic
I'm not sure what the word is
I think when someone says they have a knee injury
my knee hurts and if someone says they have a toe
I'll wince
I'll actually feel it in my toes
not to undercut your
I think
that's a natural sympathy
it's an invitation to us
and yet it can be
repellent
I've talked to people
who are wheelchair bound for whatever reason
at WGA
the panels
and stuff like that
someone came up to me once and was like
hey where's the physically
I don't even know the politically correct phrases anymore
can I please just communicate
where's the physically disabled person in community
and I was like you're right Jesus Christ
like it's so hard
to do comedy about this stuff though
but therefore it's so relieving
when you do do it and I started
talking a little bit
people come into
the room in a wheelchair
and you're the flood
of
I
don't want that to be happening to you
that you feel when you see
someone
in any kind of condition
can shut off
like a
surge of electricity
it just can throw all these circuits
and result in people treating you like a living ghost
and Seek is saying
I have friends
that have migraines but you're talking about
your inability to even make eye contact
when it's happening it's like
I start wincing now we're both wincing
now it looks like I don't care
but the thing is
it's like
I think we all have our own
incredibly intense physical
or emotional response to that stuff
yeah well it's sympathy
it's weird
because
you can go on the internet
you can look at little animated gifts of babies
getting run over by minivans in China
and you
you can
and we look at gore videos
we see
skateboarders crack up
and you go
you experience what they're experiencing
but we have this
potential with our forebrain
to turn that into
toxic apathy
like well
that I'm going to be punk rock
this is nothing new at all
people
ever since we became sentient apes
we have been afraid
of the thing we realized was going to happen to us
which is that we were going to die
and the first thing we immediately started doing
is we started worshiping death
you worship things that you fear
like
the tribal mentality is to
take like a big scary monster
put it on your head
and dance around the campfire and go
this guy is not going to fuck with me
or I'm harnessing its power
because I'm wearing it
and it's the thing that ate the universe
and is going to eat it again
you try as hard as you can
to atone with these things
that scare you the most
but you also in so doing
you can like
that jaded gothy
fucking like
pierce my face
and put a finger on my forehead and like
I don't fucking care about life
I'm gonna fucking die
it's not
it's sort of like you're
are you really handling it
like jadedness is also not
it's not dealing with death
it's not dealing with pain
like feeling it is
we have tear ducts in our eyes
they squirt water
when we get upset
you're not really a crier or a hugger
you're not an emotional guy
no I'm a huge crier I cried at the end of Doc Hollywood
I just
I'll cry on any I'll cry at the top of a hat
if I let myself feel stuff
I'll cry all the time
why aren't you a hugger
because I know that
because I'll start crying I'll fucking hug me
and I'll start crying
what are you retarded
sorry
learn nothing
alright let's
is that why you do all this stuff Dan
to keep everything at arm's length
that you won't just be a big
weeping mess in the corner
well I mean
let's play judges and drag
no we gotta talk about it
that's why we all do everything
we all love each other
we all feel connected to each other
and it hurts all the time
we all feel that fear
that if we let ourselves feel it for a second
we would die
yeah that's my thing
people say
I'm either really close to you or I'm really aloof
I'm really like I keep
I'm the Heisman trophy
at arm's length and I hold a couple of things
close
and I am very aloof
because if I let people in
then I just will cry all the time
I'm a huge intent for people's pain
and if there's anything hurt in the room
it's like
I have to like push everything away
and the suit is armor
and
my voice and my gestures
everything is a way to deflect and keep everything
at some sort of distance
because if they get close it's close
and it's incredibly painful
well it gets messy
I mean like Sikh said
he's experiencing symptoms of autism
because of his aneurysm
and one of those symptoms is that when he feels
he's standing in a room full of people
it's a common misconception
that autistic
people
in the spectrum like they don't have empathy
they don't have feelings
like a lot of them will complain
that when they walk into a party
they are flooded
with bullshit
like just feedback it's like holding a microphone up to a speaker
and that is what results
in the appearance
of lack of empathy because
you have to put a brick wall
to keep it out
and I can't even look out
because my vantage point for the podcast listeners
is I'm kind of facing the stage
I'm kind of facing the audience
and peripherally on both sides
I just see people having bodily reactions throughout the entire thing
I can't even look
I see people like there's certain physical reactions
people have and it's like it's so
and also like
there's no need to make any jokes out of this
I think it's
as interesting as anything else
I think one
and it's going to be amazing
is it going to be racist?
a pollock and a jew
I knew it
have an aneurysm together
and the pollock's like whoa that's great
because he's an idiot
he loves aneurysms
and the jew's like whoa it was you
we're off the rack
rebate discount
alright let's bring Spencer up
for those of you in the Hollywood Reporter
reading the transcript of my
hey guys
what happened?
it is a gauntlet
that is not up to fire code
how's it going living with your roommate?
it's
it's kind of like autism
don't play that card
how's it going at your new job?
it's so easy
but my boss is a dick
for those of you who don't know
Spencer is newly employed under Dan Harmon's
Tiddlish
he's Dan's assistant
he's doing great
it's really easy
what does your dick consist of
throughout your work day
what goes on?
I roll in around 9.3945
if I'm extremely early
sometimes I'll grab some breakfast
in the commissary
there's a commissary
but I know I get to the office
is it an old time me like Hollywood Commissary
where there's a guy dressed up like a centurion
and there's a guy
there's an elephant
I'm always constantly two guys
with a giant sheet of plate glass
back and forth
it's exactly like that
it's weird
I don't know what those are like
actually I put that on the list
of things I'm not allowed to complain about
Paramount's commissary
which is called the dining room
closes at 3pm
call it the lunching room
you can't get a drink there
when you really need it
yeah
is there booze there too?
there is, there's a little bar
it's not what I would call
it's not like the bar in the love boat
it's not like a cool place to retire
it's funny because
I have a bottle of kettle in my office
and a guy who's paid to pour it for you
that's most of my job
you guys
so speaking of love
speaking of love
are you dressed in a white tux like Isaac
he does it in the back
are you joking? I'm dressed like this
day tux
get this guy a tux for fuck's sake
I could dress him however I wanted I guess
right?
that would be funny
didn't Sikhs message you
give more to the world than what you take
land at all to you?
put him in a tuxedo
well that's why I want to create a situation
somehow where I want to get Spencer
on camera in community
I want him to be in the show
to keep pushing this
I want to see
because Spencer so far has proven unflappable
he's grunting an agony
I'm flapping
I want to give you
I want to find your flapping point
I'm not an actor dude
you're not a podcast
celebrity
you had that documentary
you didn't blanch from cameras any more than you do
from a live audience here
that was part of it
you kind of knew going into it
that would be an aspect of it
what if you make it through
let's say you do a guest star thing
on community
like a little walk on
oh and here's my dungeon master
and he'll be like hey how's it going
and then you're off
and we'll see how it goes
we'll see if you go home that night and cut yourself
what if that's the point where he starts getting
fake tan that goes to the gym a lot
and he comes out and his chief changes his name to
well then I'll hand him off as a mentee
to Joel McHale
like Joel
Joel will take you from there
and welcome you into the world of being an Adonis
he'll show you crunches
and do the
one almond for breakfast diet
oh man
what if you're only like eight months away
from dating Mila Kunis or something like that
that's weird
that's everything's weird
I'm just going to be passed around
by famous people
yes
just hauled up to this Mayan pyramid
where eventually you'll get your head cut off
right
because the moon and the sun are
you'll find out the joke is running you the whole time
it's just simply an elaborate suicide murder thing
so
speaking of weird things
Aaron can't be here tonight
she's at a show
Kumail is
well to quote his wife Emily
Hot Tub Time Machine 2 isn't going to shoot itself
he's on set
he's at work
Hot Tub Time Machine 2
that's going to answer so many questions from that person
that was ironic when they came up with it
but then they made a sequel and now it's like
okay it doesn't get to be ironic now you're actually making
Hot Tub Time Machine 2
by the way this is the end is awesome
can't wait till it comes out in a video
cool
never been so excited about a movie
this is the end I can't stop blowing that movie
anyways
that was a good movie
it was so funny
but what I decided is
we're going back to the basics
I hope you can manage it narratively
it's just me and Jeff this time
the other characters
can either be
come in tow as NPCs
or they wink out of existence
but I just want to get back to the roots
man
it's time we did
what do you think about that Spencer?
I think that's a great plan
when he goes into that voice ladies and gentlemen
it could only be one thing
oh can it
it means
we're starting
unseasonably early in the show
can I even carry it on this long?
who knows
how much dungeon did you create for this?
let's find out
I charge north as fast as I can
we found out
we play a private session
a dance place
you call it a private session
it's just a regular game
all D&D games
are just these public affairs
city pauses
the only time I've ever played one
was when it's publicly
consumable via live audience
or broadcast
it's a private affair
meaning no black people
no Asian people
it's a private affair
we found out last time
Dan got reprimanded
for metagaming
can we talk about that?
sure
since it makes you uncharacteristically excited
yeah
yeah talk about how what a fuck up I am
no that's the whole
that's what I want to talk about
I got yelled at for metagaming
I didn't yell and let him talk about it
Dan the whole thing is
I want to talk about this defense mechanism
you're throwing up
no okay
Spencer Hollywood has changed you Ben
oh I know
after this I got no words on my commissary
like
cafeteria is another word
for it but that doesn't sound cool
I didn't even finish explaining the job
I don't care I get him drinks
what else do you do you get me drinks
you sit in the writers room
the writers love you sometimes Spencer will call out
a word very discreetly
like he'll be like
giraffe
you know like when we're stuck
you know and then like we'll use it
yeah I thought I would get in trouble
now you have to join the guild
yeah
oh I was thinking of
the guild of calamitous intent
yeah
see you could take the Hollywood
oh no you can take the Spencer
what do you think about my story breaking
okay so oh yeah
that's awesome I mean
you were kind of blown away weren't you
blown away by how
organic it was
it's just very natural
it's kind of how I come up with ideas
but I don't have a room of people I just have
you know all the voices in my head
it's pretty impressive me
yeah
you're a good person
Dan's a good person
I'm talented
I would say extremely talented
thank you I mean
I don't know where it's coming from
thank you
anyway what is your story breaking method
is that
you know what Simon and Schuster I'll tell you
in the spring of February 2017
when I'll charge you $20
a copy
I'm not kidding I don't know
we can't go into that now it's $9.19
$9.19 is it
let's just say it's very organic and very
primal
tell us what happened last week at art
does everyone know what metagaming
is? not everyone knows
that's a terrible question
does anybody by applause know what
metagaming is?
Jesus Christ
okay for everybody else in Dungeons and Dragons
sometimes the characters don't know stuff
that the person who plays the character
does for instance if a character
came up with what you in the real world
know as a camera your character wouldn't
know what a camera is because he's never seen one before
even though it's pretty regular technology right
so it would not make sense to be like
oh that's a camera so that's metagaming
essentially there's different ways it comes out
anyway they were fighting a monster
it was a bed it was a sticky bed
um
it was a bed
which everyone has knowledge of
but it jumped around
it started sticking to people it was tackling folks
um
and I let slip to Rob Schrobb
who had his first edition
monster manual that it was a monster in there
and I pointed it to him because I wanted some
nerd cred you know but that was
my mistake and I caught
I caught you know I admit
fully to that that was terrible on my part
but he showed you and then
you tried to play it off like you were
uh like an old hand
who's just like oh yeah a mimic
that's what that is you know mimics
I didn't know this I wasn't trying to play anything
off I apologize that was the air I got
from you I really I thought that was
really awesome I swear to god I wasn't
trying to like deceive or anything
yeah no it's he didn't know anything
I thought what happened was granted
I'm very drunk during all of these
things call call days
days
I
oh boy okay
when you were describing the monster Rob at the monster
manual I thought that I knew
what it was I thought it was like like a
trapper or something like that yeah something
like like where it's like a carpet or
uh and I was like oh I think I think I know
what this is and I looked it up in the thing and
I noticed that hit the page that had the
succubus illustration was torn out of his
monster manual
for those of you
who know what that means
um but I was like oh shit
I don't think this is it
then I diverted my attention
was taken by booze and
and you know cake and whatever
then at a certain point Rob
like elbowed me and was pointing
at the mimic
I thought that
I didn't know that you had pointed at that
yeah no I know that definitely okay
I thought that Rob had found it
so that we I thought we were collectively
like like oh if we
and in my day it was called table talk
and kind of game knowledge or whatever
boring conversation
yeah well in dance time it was the DM
versus the player so the DM would try to
fuck you up and then you'd have to look
at the monster manual to stand a chance
so it's kind of it makes sense
but anyway the end result
was he was like oh mimics are weak against
food if you give him food he'll stop
fighting and um that's
that like is kind of flagrant
over the line of metagaming so I was like
okay I gotta explain this concept
and I explained it very poorly
and um and then I think that
you and Dan just thought I was trying to like
punish you but I was just trying to explain it
Dan doesn't like being told like what to do
or that he did something wrong and he looked
at you the rest of the game we're just like
like he wanted to stab your face
you know come on
and uh and
but his his hatred
of being told that he did something wrong
met with his clear uh
respect for what you do and who you are
and he just sat there looking like a little poopy bridges
but there was
no way of knowing I wasn't doing it
to be punitive just to explain a concept
that would have otherwise been hard to illustrate
well easy real first of all
no one should be reading the monster manual during the game
that's fine that's an easy real to understand
then we get into this metagaming thing
and it's like the difference between metagaming
and what we used to call table talk
which is if I walk into a room
if you and I walk into a room and we see a troll
that's holding a staff with a red ruby on the top of it
if I in all of my 20 years
of playing Dungeons & Dragons go
oh that might be a fireball wand
like maybe which I
like is that metagaming
if I'm just talking to another player
I'm not saying to the other character
blah blah blah
so what I decided is
I'm just going to be immersed in my character
all the time that way I'll never
be at risk of metagaming
but that scenario you explained wasn't
metagaming like table talk can still happen
it just can't like
inexplicably cross the bound then your character
would have to be like oh
a wand of thing like I saw
that dude shooting fireballs out of earlier
then it would make sense that your character would know
but if you're like oh that's a wand of fireball
because my player who plays me knows
I still don't get it though
you just confused me again because if I say to another player
if I haven't done anything
I say to another player oh that might be a
wand of fireballs if we don't
outside of your character
that's metagaming you shouldn't do
no that's not metagaming that's just talking
wait no I'm confused
okay metagaming only pertains to your
character actions
so anything you Jeff does is fine
oh but we can do sidebars with each other
and say I think it sounds like a thing
yeah but then your character would have to
come up with an in-character reason to be taking
that course of action well I think you'll find
if you look back
that I have never metagamed
and but I
will be in character if I agree
otherwise you're fired
you know when I was agreeing with you
in the writers room I actually did agree
I wasn't just trying to grease things along
you were right in that instance
sorry I want this is exciting
I want your relationship business-wise
and friendship-wise to go so far
that one day he just supplants you
where he'd be too
that's called an apprenticeship
but you have to be allowed to let that happen
and I know you you're gonna fight
like a dragon you're gonna you're gonna
that makes me a worthy mentor
you're gonna try to force work
I think Obi-Wan would have been good at his job
if Luke came into his cave it was just like
oh thanks for this lightsaber
yeah but Obi-Wan
let himself be cut in half
so that Luke could get me hurt
by a dude that's like super evil and powerful
right but I'm saying you're gonna
you're not gonna go down that easy
you go down easy
you are gonna go down easy
well it cost $20
same as in town
can we please get to the matter at hand
alright let's do this
Spencer ready?
yeah
last met the gang was in the midst
of yellow camp
which was under demonic occupation
after rushing into the camp
our heroes encountered in dispatch
to bearded devil
before entangling a group of slimy
lemurs
the heroes freed a couple of the barbarians
and met with slab squat thrust
the half orc cleric
the team
reacquainted themselves with slab
and they formed packs with each other
and stuff
before catching the attention of a second bearded
devil
Sharpie said no
the devil heeded not their threats
the gang tried
synchronized in performance art
with the attempt of ending the devil's
threat
the devil heeded not the art
Moran and Quark attempted to gift the devil
with a potentially lethal necklace
the devil heeded not the gift
the gang resorted to
the violence
violence worked
but during the
combat Moran turned
and stabbed slab squat squat thrust
in the face
the demon was slain
but afterwards at the end of the combat
the group turned to survey their ranks
and saw Moran holding
a bloody dagger next to a bleeding
dying slab squat thrust
what would they do
with the friendly fire in their ranks
we'll find out
next
chicken out
Friday
so slab squat thrust got killed
oh he's dying
well
Moran why'd you do that
I don't like him
fair enough
he was a stranger
she did it because
he
I don't know he joined in a pact with me
I was never quite clear on it he was on our side
he was pact blocking
he was a dirty
pact blocker
are we looking at other foes right now
not right now
we gotta go find your father we gotta find
my dad we gotta go find lord butz a lot
that's true
is there any intelligence we can gain from
these people
are there barbarians around us there are barbarians
you freed a couple and they were freeing
more barbarians while you were
fighting demons are they butz a lot
they are butz a lot but there's some of the gnolls
alright butz a lot
gnolls where is my father
I am sharpy butz a lot
they all
kinda talk to each other
and they're like thanks for saving us
I don't know though
one of the gnolls
kinda breaks rank
and kinda walks up to you
and you recognize him as
a gnoll that you've met before his yellow defer
is smelly and filthy
and
you recognize him as yurch he was a guy who
I think he showed you to your dad
I don't know it happened stuff happened
you remember him from the past yurch
yurch the peace out
how's it going
where is my father
I think he's in that pit over there
he's in a pit
I think
I look to where he's pointing
he's pointing at a pit
but between the pit and you
are the lemurs that you had entangled
by vines they're kinda still entangled
they haven't made
much progress against these vines
so they're alive
they're alive but they're like
as if they're in a net how many are there
there's seven
what is cleave I have a new power called cleave
that'll help you hit two people at once
okay
is it worthwhile
yeah let's just wipe them out
okay I charge towards the entangled
oh wait well if you're gonna be up close
look I'm gonna do a fireball first
okay okay they're immune to fire remember
no Adam Goldberg called out
they're immune to fire
are these these these these
Leo Mars what do they call
lemurs
I charge in
with my sword
cleave
alright
alright it's like Barry White
is a dungeon master
stuff's happening
yeah girl
cleave those lemurs
you take out
two lemurs in a single
stroke
it sounds kind of like that
the rest of them kind of shiver
and anguish and kind of shrink down
fear
fuck it
they're still tied up
alright well
I think we've dealt with them
well no my dad's on a pit on the other side of them
alright I just I mean I
I mean I don't want
to waste shocking grasp on these little slugs
you can pass to me I still got a taste for blood
I can go back in there with my sword
and start chopping alright go for it
I'll cast Melph's Acid Arrow on
Melph's Acid Arrow
a milf
no not a milf
yes it finds the nearest
Melph's Acid Arrow
2d4 damage for
yeah
yeah that happens
shoot it at one that he's not gonna
Melph is a mom else like to fuck
it takes
12 no not 12 9 damage
I can't math today
this is the worst
I'm loving this
I'm bipolar
okay
I don't know
how to make up these things
like we don't want to deal with them anymore
they're they're dead
am I metagaming
that's another thing entirely
okay well you killed two
I'll just say they're all dead
they're in the net
that's metagaming
or just laziness
it's just laziness yeah
you can't just call anything buzzwords
they're related
humble brag
alright all the demons
are slain
alright I look into the pit
after making a big show
of the thorns receding
my amulet of spring
thorns replace yourselves
upon my amulet
amulet
that happens
and it's cinematic
and visually stunning
alright
so you edge your way over to the pit
and peering inside it goes down
about 20 feet and in the very middle
you see
your father's head
dad
is that just your head or are you buried
I'm buried like in a
I cast feather fall and drop down to him
alright you drop down to him
without taking any harm
but I make a big show also
I raise my arms out like I'm sting
in a music video
dropping down like
I just want him to understand that magic's important
gracefully drifting like sting
down the pit
your father is thoroughly impressed
and also buried up to his neck
dad what are you doing
I've been buried down here
by demons
alright let me look up for traps down there
Charpie
whatever
go get a shovel
he does
and merch
like a bottle of water
say merch
yurch
that was the guy that handled t-shirts
that's me
I go out and look for shovels with yurch
okay you guys find
like the motherlode of shovels
I come back with like
too many shovels
dad
can you go into some detail
about what happened
oh can I
when you left
if you recall
you threw quark onto a robot
and you ended up needed to rescue him
from an airship
after that happened
those airships they went north
but then a day later the dark armada
returned in full force
carrying waste to our countryside
they deployed multiple cantroids
as well as sending down demons
lemurs and devils
and they ravaged towns and villages
murdering and enslaving anyone
they set siege to the western dwarves
ripping apart the very mountains
to retrieve the three shards of power
the dwarves had been stockpiling
they've been enslaving the strongest of us
forcing us to work on their horror engines
which have been serving some nefarious evil
for weeks
coming up in the sky
allowing the free travel of dark stars
black airships and airborne demons and devils alike
you must stop Admiral Darkstar
son
for all of our sakes
it must have been hard for you to say that
also get me out of that
I'm buried
we're going to take care of that
I see six or seven shovels
I take two of the shovels
and either handedly
like a weird barbarian spider
you can find that extremely
ineffective way to burrow
but at the same time
you do end up freeing him
he kind of stretches his limbs
he's like yeah I guess they found me too tough
to imprison
so they just buried me
don't we have some of the shards they're looking for
you guys have
three shards and I believe
Mango had ingested
one of them
have you pooped yet dad?
did it hurt?
I mean
let's be honest
no more than usual
did it seem
extra magical?
I detect magic on his poop
there's no ready supply of poop at the moment
where did you poop dad?
well I mean
to be honest just there
like in the pit
in my pants
okay look at the poops
it's all around the sun
I look around for a shard in the poop
he just rolled dice
it's so dry
you don't find anything
he kind of watches you looking around
and he's like yeah yeah
no I definitely passed it
but I mean I gave it to my people
for safekeeping
is there a sink around I can go wash up?
this is more of a barbarian
camp?
who's the guy you gave it to?
oh Johnson
Johnson get over here
Johnson?
a barbarian lopes up and clutches a pouch
of fine leather
he relinquishes the pouch to Mango
before taking his exit
Johnson is that the shard
that my dad sharded?
yeah
what about the dwarven shards
have they been recovered by Admiral Darkstar?
we presume Darkstar
has them to be honest
we're not on good terms with these dwarves
so we don't know
yeah well about that dad
don't you think it's possible that we got bigger fish to fry
than our petty local
conflicts?
it's a pretty good point
a drunk dad
I've been buried
I go into a mild barbarian rage
and insist that they hug
I use diplomacy
which both of those things
they're mutually exclusive
okay I use intimidate
I intimidate them into hugging each other
I have
a 10 bonus skill modifier
intimidation
well yeah
so
phrase your intimidation for me
I want you two assholes to hug
so we can get back to business
calm down guy
we're hugging
he hugs Sharpie
I cry while hugging
not because the hug is emotional
because I'm being forced to hug
I'm hugging
it's like a scene in Munich
it doesn't feel right
that happens
okay well
jeez dad
where do you think Admiral Darkstar went?
holy cow dad
I'm Michael J. Fox now
who is that you speak of?
holy cow dad
where do you think they went?
yeah
that's metagame
because he wouldn't know
you get it? he wouldn't know who that is
yeah well
there's no problem I'm just pointing it out
yeah but I'm not doing something
I didn't get a hoverboard
I said
what is a hoverboard?
let's find one and go to Admiral Darkstar
no
to be clear I want metagaming to happen
what is a stage?
yeah what are you talking about?
I get a spurious point for not knowing Michael J. Fox's
right?
sure
alright perfect
yeah okay so where do we go?
when you phrased it at one point
you use the example of if you go up to a bridge
and I say oh there's a bridge
across the river and if one of you says
oh if you walk to the middle of it it might
be a trap that's metagaming
I mean come on
that was in the terrible explanation portion of that
I take
the six shovels and kind of put them together
to form like a crude ladder so we can all
climb out and I climb up to the top of the
pit and I go let's stop fucking about
and get on with this
alright I got some Darkstar
you can't turn the shovels into ladders dude
well you can kind of stack them up and kind of like angle them
together
like he pushes them into
the side of the pit
like temper sports
and that exists because
this is oldest timber
yeah yeah okay so you
jam the shovels in the wall and climb up
out of there that's cool
that tracks
alright
mango
point is in the right direction
do we need an army what do we do
do we just run off and go in search
of Admiral Darkstar
well yeah you might need an army
but
around here we kind of got a mop up the demons
so I'm afraid I can't really spare too many
barbarians
you can take your
you're just pretty good about finding shovels
I hope he's not
demoralized by my dad's
clearly dubious endorsement
it was Yerch with an earshot when my dad
did that weird like sideways
glance as he offered up Yerch
nah
you can have my corkscrew
okay we'll take Yerch
but dad would it offend you
if I took some dwarves
I mean
yes it would but
this is the fate of the universe we're talking about
yeah dad
wait no just the material plane probably
but still
a total metaphor for your
racism
yeah
at all racism not a metaphor for your
racism
far be it from me
to tell you how to save the planet
but uh
I should at least tell you you know that
save the planet dad
races working together
booyah
your words have touched him
he feels touched
I cast
Einberg's
lengthening arm and pat myself on the back
okay that happens sure
but yeah he's like that cloak you've been wearing
I gave you that cloak to help you
save your friend yeah it kind of ran out of
charge like immediately
yeah it works once per day
but you know
every time a new day happens
you can actually use it
well I also have a falcon
that I never use yeah I'm just you know
I mean that falcon he can fly
and you know I'm told he shares spells
with his caster
I'm just reading the rules right now
what do you mean he shares spells
he can cast your spells for you
what really I can send him up in the air
and have him cast fireball down on people
not quite yet
but when you get strong enough he can channel
certain spells
dad why are you such a magic expert all of a sudden
I just you know I just thought it'd be a good
appropriate time to you know fill you guys
with some important knowledge some meta knowledge
yeah
can you explain to me what my talking dagger is good for
if I'm not mistaken
that talking dagger shattered and turned
into like a force of nature
yeah but I've been
buried lately so
you can tell
pretty good for a buried guy
yeah yeah yeah alright
my enslaved barbarians
they have their ears to the ground
father
I shall defeat Admiral Darkstar
but I shall do it under the banner of all
races and all beings
of the material plane for
Admiral Darkstar represents not just
an external threat to those
beings but the internal threat
that is
all the people not
knowing that they should hang out
together I was
really convinced up till the end
there but I'm still with you
I'm just saying
I'm your son and I want to make you proud of me
and I'm going to do it
by
being like kind of a Martin Luther King
junior of medieval
fantasy who is this Martin Luther King
Junior
is he a fool
with this Michael Fox you talked to him
hoverboards
Michael Luther King Junior was the Michael
J. Fox of civil rights
I don't know how else to explain it
while they're talking I go into
an office nearby and patent my new
shovel ladder technology
I do some diagrams just
make sure that it seems like a pretty good invention
you just sell a bag of
six ladders as
Quirk's
Portable Magic Ladder
Yeah, yeah, Quirk's shovel steps
but Dad I got to know
where you think Admiral Darkstar went
Admiral Darkstar lurks
in his black keep far to the north
the north
heavy horses
mango
have me know
have you none
have me know none
have you known what
you've known horses
me have known horses
you have known horses
well do you know anybody that still has horses
that I can get some horses
no
dad
you're embarrassing me
I'm sorry about the horses gentlemen
with my barbarian impatience
I just start marching off
towards the north and I say
come with me Quirk
you're itch
come on
it's not you're itch
you're itch
he's Robert you're itch
you're itch let's go
I'm coming let me get my rucksack
he does
where are the dwarves
the dwarves
lie
those filthy dwarves
lie to the east in their broken mountains
should we wrangle up dwarves
before we go to the north
let's just fucking go baby
who was it dealing with
he who travels fast just goes alone
except now we're going to go together
so we'll go at half speed
alright we head north into the sun
into the noon
into the I don't get it
well if you're heading east or west
it would be into the sunrise or sunset
oh the sun nothing
nice metal laugh
I thought it was funny
after I got it
but sincerity wasn't going to help
at that point
you're itch how far is the journey
toward the dark star encampment
it'll be several days
perhaps even
several weeks
we should probably stop at some town
and actually get horses at some point
is there a town
between here if we head north
will we come to a town
you guys hail from Thornvale right
yeah
Thornvale is a little bit out of the way
but you might go there
otherwise if you go north
but there's a place called
Fornheim the frozen city
no
not really
it's more directly north
it's more like the gateway
for the people of the extreme north
Thornburg is the gateway
to Thornvale
Fornheim
Fornheim is for lovers
I think is the slogan
the slogan is it's the frozen city
well I
where our buildings are frozen
well I have the armament of winter
I should fit right in there
it'll be great when we get there
we head for Fornheim
you head for Fornheim
time passes
holy shit Fornheim
hey don't get ahead of yourself
there's possible random encounters
that might happen
before those random encounters happen
we should stop
we should have one random encounter
whatever you want
but this is going to be like something
there's wrestling at the bushes
there's spiders
there's eating gooey choxins
I know that's table talk
that's fine
there's no table
I'm table talking with my friend
we should stop
you want to stop
I'd love to stop
he hates it
it's the worst
I didn't expect to have such a long session
I mean I have a little bit planned
but you know
I see you just ran out of ideas
I'm running out
and it'll take about a week to get
all of the ideas
so we'll stop here
especially everybody
Jeff what have we learned
I've learned a lot tonight
yeah I thought you guys were going to go to the dwarves
so
we go to the dwarves
okay you find the dwarves
they say no
that's not what I had planned
I bang on their big dwarven door
and I go let me in
they don't
alright
we head back north
we head back to thornheim
thornheim what's it called
thorn f-o-r-n-h-e-i-m
thornheim
sounds like all they make is shoes
that's their main export
frozen shoes
that's their other slogan
who makes frozen shoes
it's for lovers of frozen shoes
all right
how do we end the show these days
we've been ending it the last couple weeks
on some kind of big event in Texas and Dragons
can you create like a
can we camp for the night
you camp for the night
okay and I
I
climb a tree
yeah you climb a tree
I go up to the top
of the highest tree
you can see all the planes
and rolling hills stretching out
before you
I take a bunch of shovels and make a tree ladder
and go up
even though there's branches that he already climbed
I'm just
kind of troubleshooting
my new invention
and you find it doesn't work
nearly as well in trees as it does
I use branches where I need
me and I get up there with Sharpie
and we are at the canopy of the tree
and the camera orbits us
and it orbits from the front
of us where I put my arm around
my little friend Quark
it orbits around us
to where the sun is setting
above the edge of a
majestic
landscape of wonder
and mystery and other synonyms
for unknown things
and we kind of take in the majesty
and
and the music swells
as I say
Quark
yeah
you may be little
but
you got a big
dick
that's Herman Tan everybody
thank you for coming
we're fucking
we're fucking at the top of a tree
it's
only Sharpie
and me
and nobody knows but we
thank you very much for coming to Harmon Tan again
we would love to worship you all one more time for
Steak Donnelly
remember everybody
give more than you take
thank you everybody here at Meltdown
thank you Spencer Cratton one more time for me Jeff Davis
and Herman your mayor
I think you tell her for our lovely glasses
she's fantastic
yeah give more than you take
give more than you take